hello there boys and girls what I am
gonna do today is for Oscar and everyone
else out there I am going to read a
Dora's costume party
you know Oscar's a boy who picks up a
big collection of these books and he
enjoys me reading them at bedtime so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
read each one and then if anyone's got a
tablet or a mobile phone when they're
going to bed they can watch these videos
and sleep themselves to sleep
thank you right then let's begin this is
called a door Reza's a costume party
hello I'm Dora today is Halloween my
favorite thing about Halloween is
getting dressed up in a costume we're
having a Halloween party today at my
house and everyone is getting ready but
boobs can't decide what costume to wear
boots might want to dress up as a
superhero who rescues everyone who needs
help or be quickly a baseball player you
can hit the ball over the fence and win
the game well maybe they can be a clan
who does tricks in the circus these
can't be side and it's almost time to
party look there's Tico
do you know what Tico wants to be for
Halloween yeah a cowboy
Tico he's pretending that he's a cowboy
who rides a horse through the desert Wow
a great costume the Tico is missing part
of his costume let's help him look in
the costume box
can you see a cowboy hats no we just
need to find a star budge great
Tico's costume is finished we'll see T
kill at the party Benny's still working
on his costume - what do you think Benny
wants to be for Halloween sorry a slice
of pizza that's a really yummy costume
idea
Betty's favorite kind of pizza has
pepperonis of peppers and cheese on it
but he needs help to put these
ingredients on these pizza costume were
you helping
Benny can use red circles for pepperoni
let's look for five red
circles the green ones look like peppers
will you find four green squares for him
and the yellow rectangles can be the
cheese
can you see eight yellow rectangles
excellent thanks for helping Beni gets
his costume ready guess what I sir wants
to be for Halloween ice is going to be
the most graceful ballerina ever she'll
use a ballet slippers to stand on a
tiptoe twirl around and jump in the air
where are the ballet slippers can you
see them II whoops there's my cousin
Diego he's going to dress up like a
deep-sea diver a deep-sea diver explores
the ocean looking at the fish in the
animals Diego already has on his special
diving suit but he still needs to follow
his flippers and the swimming mask can
you find them seeing all these great
costumes
Gabe boots an idea for his Halloween
costume but it's a surprise buuut
promises but you'll see this Halloween
costume at this party we're almost at my
house look at my baby sister and brother
they dressed in their costumes can you
guess what my baby sister is the
Halloween strawberries are a favorite
fruit can you guess what my baby
brother's costume is yes he's dressed as
hmm sorry about this las uvas he loves
grapes the babies are so cute ooh their
costumes now it's my turn to get ready
I'm wearing a flower costume but my
costume is missing two petals to work
out where the missing ones go let's look
at the colors of the petals red yellow
orange
it's a pattern can you see where the red
petal belongs and where the orange petal
goes
let's decorate me cats are first poppin
eat out with a cake will you find two
triangles for the pumpkins eyes thank
you a bullet needs help finding the
balloons can you find a five orange
balloons one two three four five let's
count them in Spanish uno dos tres
cuatro Cinco
now let's help mommy look for ten apples
to go inside the ten cookie bags one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
oh I think I hear someone at the door
the guests are here
this isuh the graceful ballerina Seco
the cowboy is riding his trusty horse
there these Pizza costume looks
delicious and the AYGO looks like a
deep-sea diver but I don't see boots I
wonder where he is
Hey here is what is boots Halloween
costume
well boats couldn't be sidon just one
thing for his favorite Halloween costume
so he decided to wear all his favorite
costumes he's a superhero baseball
player claim what's a cool costume
everyone has such great Halloween
costumes
thanks helping us get ready for the
party we did it happy Halloween thanks
for watching my video Dory's a costume
party I will be placing more videos on
please like subscribe or just take the
mickey out of oscars that trying to
reach that smell okey bye bye